at the outset of the each season Lane
fire join Atkins United States Lane six
my show me Robinson United States name
seven Chantelle melona from united
states or the british virgin islands at
Chantal malone and Elaine it Bobby J
Wilkins of Jamaica novel in Williams
mills at the defending champion here she
runs out of lane four personal bests
4953 last year she won here in 50 point
35 seconds and 50.1 for the world
leading mark a couple of these athletes
may have their eyes on at the moment and
this is Bobby J Wilkins in Lane 8 24
years old plane to their that's lavanya
granite from Cuba italian-born has the
italian national record of 50.8 three
seconds Bobby Wilkins on the white
outside there in Lane 8 outstanding at
the high school level in Jamaica
and a slight harsh over the venue for
the start in the set position and off
they go now fairly good start novoline
Williams Mills was away very well also
running hard out there in Lane six at
the moment is michaux me Robinson from
the United States they head down the
backstretch and the defending champion
nobly Williams Mills is really blazing
down the backstretch and eating up
ground leaving the 200-meter marker no
no bleed Williams males is in command at
the moment going and cheese we've got my
show me Robinson Chantelle Malone is
there Jordan Atkins is also trying to
come forward now spinning on the final
part of the curve they've got to get
back to no bling Williams Mills the
defending champion does she have enough
gas left in that tank of hers to hold
off the chasing pack and it looks so
from this vantage point no bling
Williams rails the defending champion
goes away for the victory and finishing
second my show me Robyn stop United
States and pretty clothes for the minor
placings but absolutely no two ways
about the winner here now Blaine
Williams Mills said she did not run when
in jamaica on the weekend wanted to come
here and perform better and she has
landed a victory the defending champion
nava lene Williams Mills many times
Jamaican champion and had a third-place
finish back home on the weekend as we
look at them springing off the top Bend
nice free flowing smooth action by novel
in Williams Mills nice arm drives
maintaining her form down the stretch
which is very very important and holding
off the faster finishing michhami
Robinson and the taking third could have
been drawn Atkins of the United States
50.7 350 points 734 nobbling Williams
Mills so